So now we're ready to talk about next steps with the CDK,
but before we do,
let's quickly review what we have been able to cover within this course.
First of all, we created a new CDK project using the CLI,
and you got to see the entire life of that project,
starting off with just the template and moving through what we have now.
And as a part of that, we reviewed the entire CDK lifecycle,
all the way from init with a new project,
to going through and bootstrapping in environment,
to synthesizing CloudFormation templates deploying,
and then updating, doing a diff, and then redeploying,
we went through all of those different steps.
We also examined best practices for managing deployed CDK stacks,
and we talked about concepts like how to tag your resources for cost allocation.
We then deployed an API using Lambda, API Gateway and S3. And then within
this module, we deployed a load‑balanced Fargate service.
So where do you go from here?
Well, with this, with the skills you already have from this course,
you'll be able to build out quite a bit, but there are still some more things
that you can learn, concepts like multiple environments.
So generally when you're building an application,
you'll have development, and staging, and maybe testing
environments, as well as production.
Also, you will need to have the ability to manage multiple stacks.
Some applications exist within a single stack,
but there are a lot of different ways you can approach multiple stacks,
and there's a lot of reasons why you would want to do that.
Also, we have the concept of continuous delivery,
so integrating in your CDK application with a repository,
and then having that repository build and deploy your
changes automatically on commit.
We also have one of the biggest benefits of the CDK,
which is the ability to create reusable constructs.
And we even have the ability within the CDK to enforce aspects of
security before we deploy our applications.
So here's the great news.
We have one more course in this path, and it's going to cover all of these items,
so I encourage you, dive into the third course as well, and you'll be able to build just about anything you can imagine with the AWS CDK.